I have a form on my webflow website for ordering tether purchase. I will give you the html structure. and want you to write an script to handle the variations logic behid the form. there are a group of netwrok radio button, user should choose one of them. if user didn't choose, there is an error div you should show like what you did for dealAmount minimum error the error div for this one is .deal_network-error   |   by the way, while the tetherAmount is under minimum the form is submiting! I don't want to let user submit the form unless the tetherAmount is equal or more than minOrder, you should fix this. in the next step we have a tab. they have an attribute named "gettingMethod" . I want you to make this a part of form data that is sending via form. there are two values for them: 1. "exchange" and 2. "wallet". if wallet is selected, I need to force user to fill the input named "walletAddress". if user choosed gettingMethod="wallet" and didn't fill the walletAddress, I want you to prevent form submitting and show the error div like previous ones. the error class for this one is ".deal_address-error". the next step is a tab again with attribute "moneyUnit" with two values: 1. "rial" 2. "lira", if user chose moneyUnit="rial" user should force to choose one radio button in irPaymentMethod group and if moneyUnit="rial" user should force to choose one of radio buttons from rPaymentMethod group. the error div for both of these radio groups are is ".deal_method-error". it's important to let user choose just from one of tab groups. for example if user choosed rial and selected gateway radio button is enough to let user submit form. also if user choosed from both groups, the most recent selection is our payment method and the previous one shoud be empty. consider the error handling same way. is this clear enough? do you have any questions? do all scripts in . here is the html of my form: 




check the , there are two option for "Lira" and "Rial". when Rial is checked, the text that has attribute: data-wf-currency should show "تومان". once "Lira" is checked, I want you to change it to "لیر". I want you to add a variation on the code blocks top at to define the desired currency. 


thanks. in we have a radio-group in sell form named "moneyUnit" and it has two option: Lira and Rial. I need you to make a switching functionality for me in . in buy form we have a tab with attribute moneyUnit="rial" and moneyUnit="lira". these are selectors for currency unit. I want when user choose rial, the text element that has "data-wf-currency" attribute show "تومان", and when lira is selected, show "لیر". one thing to consider: my website is multilanguage website(fa, tr, en), the text elements that have "data-wf-currency", also have [data-i18n="currency-in-form"] which data-i18n does the language change functionality in I want when user is on English or Turkish language, the Lira currency show as "TL" and Rial one show as "Toman". 